but
youtube 16 planes meet up tonight
for the presentation of the pack of
customization for christmas and the
camouflage wolf for Syria
release of the dog so for the pack of
christmas customization there is a
background an escutcheon and a reticle
as well as a camouflage for there I you
showed all that so the background that
is all right so here's the title
with the air reaction
you have the crest ok all right
also so it's a flake a flake of
snow with the most beautiful writing
gifts
the reticle there is a snowflake
also our dishes you see reticle of
Christmas so to show you about
weapons I will show you dangerous
but first of all to equip the
if you buy it of course to equip
the cabbage instead of the dog you go
to create your soldier which does not matter
which
click on one of the custom classes
watchdogs and the subscriber choice
between dog and wolf you choose
so I also showed you
the appearance of a partially
customized when boots
I just changed the map
so start the part of which I will
was showing camouflage christmas is so
the appearance of or so I will try
to send this video a little bit more I
so a code is 6 me if the
accept my video I thank him
I thank them enormously
so here I'll have to kill 5
enemies with that a soul for before the
weight to see the wolf we are you
will have the opportunity a time to see the
camouflage so never your assignment
to take my place is death match by
team
when you can not focus all
on it always but in fact
since then
so here I know your mind
so there the rhythm
so again that I occupy some
little enemies and anything
yeah
so you have it the appearance that the mine
change a little bit it's weird of
people I hope this video you
will have pleased so I thank again past
to calculate the beach my video on this I
wish you all a good evening
all